Meeting Agendas
===============

## Agenda for Meeting on: 18 Jan 2019

- **Previous Business?**
- **Current Projects**
  - What are we working on?
  - Where do we stand on each project?
  - What are some future projects?

- **Classifing Images for Parking Lot Project**
  - Where do we stand?
  - Who has been participating?
  - What is the URL for those who are new?

- **New Repo**
  - Repo Name??
  - Create a new repo for our machine learning group. 
  - Move relevant P-Lot data over to new repo in an organized way.
  - Create folders for projects. 

- Still would like someone to create gitHUb hosted web site.

- Determine best times to meet for rest of semester.

- Assign project groups.
